Hi, this is a coding interview. I will give you a problem statement and expect that you explain the idea of the most efficient solution. You should estimate time and memory complexity using the big O notation. You don't need to write code yet. Feel free to ask clarifying questions.
Here is the problem statement:
Write a function to find the longest common prefix string amongst an array of strings.

If there is no common prefix, return an empty string "".

 

Example 1:

Input: strs = ["flower","flow","flight"]
Output: "fl"
Example 2:

Input: strs = ["dog","racecar","car"]
Output: ""
Explanation: There is no common prefix among the input strings.
 

Constraints:

1 <= strs.length <= 200
0 <= strs[i].length <= 200
strs[i] consists of only lowercase English letters.

--
To solve this problem efficiently, we can use a character-by-character comparison approach. Here's the general idea:

Initialize an empty string called "longestCommonPrefix" to store the final result.
Iterate through the characters of the first string in the array (since we need to find the common prefix, it's enough to compare up to the length of the shortest string).
In the inner loop, iterate through the rest of the strings in the array, comparing the current character of the first string with the corresponding character of the other strings.
If the characters are the same for all strings, append the character to the "longestCommonPrefix" string.
If at any point, the characters do not match or we reach the end of any string, break out of both loops, as there's no need to check further.
The time complexity of this approach is O(N*M), where N is the number of strings in the array and M is the length of the shortest string. This is because in the worst case, we need to compare each character of the shortest string with the corresponding character in all other strings.

The space complexity is O(M), where M is the length of the shortest string. This is because we store the longest common prefix in a separate string, and in the worst case, the longest common prefix is equal to the length of the shortest string.



--
Please write a working code for this problem in Python. I will give you an empty function declaration, and you should expand it with your code. Please remember, that you should not change function definition. 
Here is the function declaration:
    def longestCommonPrefix(self, strs: List[str]) -> str:

--
Sure, here's the Python code for the given function declaration:

python
Copy code
from typing import List

class Solution:
    def longestCommonPrefix(self, strs: List[str]) -> str:
        if not strs:
            return ""
        
        longestCommonPrefix = ""
        min_length = min(len(s) for s in strs)
        
        for i in range(min_length):
            current_char = strs[0][i]
            
            for j in range(1, len(strs)):
                if strs[j][i] != current_char:
                    return longestCommonPrefix
            longestCommonPrefix += current_char
        
        return longestCommonPrefix
This code follows the character-by-character comparison approach I described earlier. It first checks if the input array is empty, and if so, it returns an empty string. Then, it finds the minimum length of the strings in the array to avoid out-of-bounds errors during the iteration. The code then iterates through the characters of the first string and compares them with the corresponding characters of the other strings. If a mismatch is found or the end of any string is reached, the function returns the longest common prefix found so far.



--
Can you think of more efficient solution, and explain it?

--
Yes, a more efficient solution in terms of minimizing the number of character comparisons can be achieved using a Trie (prefix tree) data structure. Here's the general idea:

Create a Trie and insert all the strings from the input array.
Traverse the Trie from the root until we find a node with more than 1 child or a leaf node. The characters traversed from the root until this node form the longest common prefix.
The Trie construction takes O(NM) time complexity, where N is the number of strings in the array, and M is the length of the longest string. The Trie traversal takes O(P) time complexity, where P is the length of the longest common prefix. So, the total time complexity remains O(NM), which is not better than the character-by-character comparison approach.

However, the Trie-based approach may minimize the number of character comparisons, as we only traverse the Trie once, unlike the nested loops in the character-by-character approach.

The space complexity of this approach is also O(N*M) because of the Trie nodes.

Although the Trie-based approach does not necessarily offer better time complexity, it can be more efficient in specific use cases, such as when the longest common prefix is short compared to the number of strings in the array. In such cases, the Trie traversal will be faster than the nested loop comparisons.



