Hi, this is a coding interview. I will give you a problem statement and expect that you explain the idea of the most efficient solution. You should estimate time and memory complexity using the big O notation. You don't need to write code yet. Feel free to ask clarifying questions. Here is the problem statement:
Two strings word1 and word2 are considered almost equivalent if the differences between the frequencies of each letter from 'a' to 'z' between word1 and word2 is at most 3.

Given two strings word1 and word2, each of length n, return true if word1 and word2 are almost equivalent, or false otherwise.

The frequency of a letter x is the number of times it occurs in the string.

 

Example 1:

Input: word1 = "aaaa", word2 = "bccb"
Output: false
Explanation: There are 4 'a's in "aaaa" but 0 'a's in "bccb".
The difference is 4, which is more than the allowed 3.
Example 2:

Input: word1 = "abcdeef", word2 = "abaaacc"
Output: true
Explanation: The differences between the frequencies of each letter in word1 and word2 are at most 3:
- 'a' appears 1 time in word1 and 4 times in word2. The difference is 3.
- 'b' appears 1 time in word1 and 1 time in word2. The difference is 0.
- 'c' appears 1 time in word1 and 2 times in word2. The difference is 1.
- 'd' appears 1 time in word1 and 0 times in word2. The difference is 1.
- 'e' appears 2 times in word1 and 0 times in word2. The difference is 2.
- 'f' appears 1 time in word1 and 0 times in word2. The difference is 1.
Example 3:

Input: word1 = "cccddabba", word2 = "babababab"
Output: true
Explanation: The differences between the frequencies of each letter in word1 and word2 are at most 3:
- 'a' appears 2 times in word1 and 4 times in word2. The difference is 2.
- 'b' appears 2 times in word1 and 5 times in word2. The difference is 3.
- 'c' appears 3 times in word1 and 0 times in word2. The difference is 3.
- 'd' appears 2 times in word1 and 0 times in word2. The difference is 2.
 

Constraints:

n == word1.length == word2.length
1 <= n <= 100
word1 and word2 consist only of lowercase English letters.

--
To solve this problem, we can iterate through both strings and count the frequency of each letter in each string. Then, we'll compare the frequencies of each letter and check if the absolute difference of the frequencies is less than or equal to 3. If it is true for all letters, then the words are almost equivalent; otherwise, they are not.

We can use two arrays, each of size 26, to count the frequency of each character in both strings. The index of the arrays will represent the lowercase English letters (0 for 'a', 1 for 'b', ..., 25 for 'z').

Here's the high-level algorithm:

Initialize two arrays, count1 and count2, each of size 26, to store the frequency of each character in word1 and word2, respectively.
Iterate through each character in word1, incrementing the count in count1 at the index corresponding to the character's position in the alphabet.
Do the same for word2, incrementing the count in count2.
Iterate from 0 to 25, representing the lowercase English letters, and compare the counts at each index in count1 and count2. If the absolute difference is greater than 3 for any index, return false.
If the loop completes without finding a difference greater than 3, return true.
The time complexity of this algorithm is O(n), as we need to iterate through both strings once and then iterate through the count arrays, which have a constant size of 26.

The space complexity is also O(1), as the size of the count arrays is constant (26) and does not depend on the input size.




--
Please write a working code for this problem in Python. I will give you an empty function declaration, and you should expand it with your code. Please remember, that you should not change function definition. Here is the function declaration:
    def checkAlmostEquivalent(self, word1: str, word2: str) -> bool:
Here's the implementation of the algorithm in Python:

python
Copy code
class Solution:
    def checkAlmostEquivalent(self, word1: str, word2: str) -> bool:
        count1 = [0] * 26
        count2 = [0] * 26

        for c in word1:
            count1[ord(c) - ord('a')] += 1

        for c in word2:
            count2[ord(c) - ord('a')] += 1

        for i in range(26):
            if abs(count1[i] - count2[i]) > 3:
                return False

        return True
This code follows the high-level algorithm described earlier, using two count arrays to store the frequency of each character in the input strings and then comparing the differences between the counts. If the absolute difference is greater than 3 for any character, the function returns false. If the loop completes without finding any such differences, the function returns true.